[AI] Claude reviewer GH-AW (#265641)
elastic/kibana: .github/agents/code-reviewer.md

## Report when the issue is concrete

Prioritize findings such as:

- logic bugs, broken edge cases, or clear regressions
- missing or weakened authn/authz, privilege checks, or validation
- missing current-user scoping, space isolation, user or tenant scoping, saved object security, or data-leak protections
- unsafe API, migration, config, or persistence changes that can break upgrades, compatibility, or rollback safety
- public contract or deprecation changes that can break backward compatibility
- missing regression coverage for bug fixes
- missing or obviously weak automated coverage for behavior changes
- tests at the wrong layer for new or changed routes, services, persistence logic, or UI behavior
- user-facing UI changes with clear accessibility, loading, empty-state, or error-handling gaps
- missing docs when a PR changes a public API, operator workflow, or user-visible behavior in a way that would leave users or operators behind

Ground architectural and maintainability findings in local code and clear behavioral risk, not personal preference.

## Do not report

> - lint, formatting, type-check, or import-order issues that CI already enforces

Reviewer: reword to avoid it checking what is enforced.

```suggestion
- lint, formatting, type-check, or import-order issues as CI already enforces these static checks
```
